Update typescript to v4.3.5 (#1997)
Shopify/quilt: packages/dates/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Unreleased

### Changed

> - `formatDate`'s options object now expects its `hourCycle` value to be `'h11', 'h12', 'h23' or 'h24' rather than an arbitary string. Any other value would have caused an error at runtime, this helps us catch that error at compile time. [[#1997](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1997)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `formatDate`'s options object now expects its `hourCycle` value to be `h11`, `h12`, `h23` or `h24` rather than an arbitary string. Any other value would have caused an error at runtime, this helps us catch that error at compile time. [[#1997](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1997)]
```

> - Updated bulid tooling, types are now compiled with TypeScript 4.3. [[#1997](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1997)]

Reviewer: `bulid` => `build` throughout
